Anti-Fest website project


Description : A project for a dreamweaver course I’m taking through Salt Lake Community College as part of the Web Programmer path they offer. I prefer working in Sublime Text 2, but will endeavor to complete all of the work for this course in Dreamweaver vs. opening the file in Dreamweaver to show my instructor, which is what I’ve been doing. There are some basic instructions to set up the basis for the project, which I will note with (book) in the document. This is my first project involving market research, developing a story, user profiles, all the fun stuff. So here we go, lets make a mess of things and harass shaunxcode when it doesn’t work.       (It’s nice to have a patient friend who's seen just about everything there is to see with web programming)


  Alternative music has evolved to cover such a large body of work it’s hard to pin down exactly what is meant. So, I will be making the executive decision that for this project alternative = indie, and that in my opinion is the closest match to the description of the music they are describing.


(Book) description of project.  Dan and Cat are ready to get started planning a new antifest site. Dan asks you to take the lead planning and designing the Web site. Remember that a site devoted to alternative music tends to appeal to a different audience than the NextBest Fest (tutorial project, site about a festival for tribute bands) site. Research this target audience, and then base your decisions for the antifest site on that research. 
Here is a link to some random persons completed NextBest Fest website. 
http://cweb.vinu.edu/comp113/spring_2010/jdowland/nextbest_fest/index.html


Site Goals


1. Define what anti-fest is and is not. 
2. Establish identity to attract the core niche of alt music lovers
3. Promote the bands who will play 
4. provide directions 
5. provide contacts
6. ticket sales 
7. primary method to market the anti-fest
8. press information - inline with the anti-fest image and message




Target Audience 


Music Lovers who think that music should be an artistic expression, not a formula put together to generate cash. They typically don’t listen to mainstream radio or bands, and like to support their community and people who are chasing their dreams. 


Market Research


Rebellion Festival popped up, as a festival in the UK that caters to punk and alternative music. I liked how they did the graphics, and it sounds like it would appeal to a lot of the same audience as alt fest. 
http://www.rebellionfestivals.com/




San Diego Indie Fest  : A great sounding indie music festival that focuses on finding ways to empower people, let smaller, less known talented artists get their work in front of a large group of people, and give back to the local community. Very well done site with some great information on it about indie music and indie music festivals. 


User Scenario’s 


1) Bob Jones is in his mid twenties, a college graduate who while isn’t married yet has been in a long term relationship with the same woman for several years now. They enjoy festivals and going to see their  favorite alternative band play, who they have been following for years as they’ve grown from small dive bars to larger venues and a larger audience. The bands website is where they heard about alt fest and they immediately checked it out to find out more about the whole festival. 
       While disappointed that their wasn’t really any information on the website yet, they will check back often to make sure they don’t miss out. 


2) Tina Starfire is a 34 year old teacher whose musical interests have been moving from mainstream to more alternative as she grows older. Right now she’s been looking for more bands to listen to and would like to discover some great new talent. 
        After hearing about the fest from some of her friends she went and looked the webpage up to see who would be playing and if it was something that she could fit into her schedule. She’ll check back a couple times, but will fill her time with something else if the info she needs isn’t up in a timely manner. 


























Information Category Outline


Home Page
        a. About
            i. Mission/Vision
           ii. FAQ’s
          iii. Production Team
         iiii. Info about indie music


        b. Lineup
           i. Band Bios and links
        
        c. Schedule
           i. Three day schedule(time band stage)
          ii. Map’s with stages, exits, food booths, and facilities
          iii. Link to directions


         d. Ticket Info
          i. Ticket info and link to purchase


        e. Contact
           i. Company contact for general, bands, vendors, press, and sponsors
          ii. Directions
        
        f. Local Area
           i. Links to local accommodations and attractions




Color Scheme 
  Not so good at picking colors, but here we go. Maybe cupcakes will make it look better.